There are a few more reports under the behavior section.
First, there is the site speed report.
Here you'll find all the information on page load times,
load times of links in your pages, et cetera.
Page load times are important for the user experience.
Users are not patient,
and if your page takes too much time to load,
they'll leave the site even before they see the page.
This report will help you find out which pages take
too long to load so you can work on fixing them.
It's often a good idea to check the load time for pages with high bounce rates,
just to make sure users are not leaving because the page took too long to load.
Load times are important from a search engine optimization point of view.
Google judges the quality of landing pages,
and if your landing pages take too long to load,
they may punish you for that in the rankings.
It's worth using these reports to understand which pages
to prioritize for page load time reduction.
You can learn more about the site speed reports at the link in the classroom.
The site search report gives you more detail on the searches that happen on your site.
Most sites have a search function built in,
and it's interesting to take a look at what people are
searching for when they're on the website.
It gives you clues to what is of interest to people and it may also give
you some hints about what you may want to feature on your homepage,
on a product overview page,
and it will make it easier for people to find the things they're looking for.
We talked about events before.
These are different from pages,
but they are interactions with your website.
Common events are; watching a video,
clicking on a promo button,
downloading a PDF, and others.
In order for events to be tracked by Google Analytics,
you need to instruct Google Analytics to do so.
For that, you need to add code for the different events you want to track.
They are not tracked by default.
In this report, you'll find an overview of how many times your events occurred,
which events are most popular,
and how many sessions have an event.
There's one other report link here, the publisher report.
This is where you can find reports on the advertising that has been served on your site.
This is a report meant for advertising supported publishers.
The Google merchandise store is an e-commerce site,
it does not carry ads.
So in this case,
we can't see the report.
If you want to learn more about this report,
you can find information at the link in the classroom.